Update workato generate schema in README.md (#1)
workato/workato-connector-sdk: README.md

  workato generate test            # Generate empty test for connector
```

### 3.4.1 workato generate schema
Use command to generate Workato Schema from a sample file. Supported inputs csv, json

```
workato generate help schema

Usage:
  workato generate schema

Options:
  [--json=JSON]            # Path to JSON sample file
  [--csv=CSV]              # Path to CSV sample file

>   [--col-sep=COL_SEP]      # Use separator for CSV convertor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [--col-sep=COL_SEP]      # Use separator for CSV converter
```

                           # Default: comma
                           # Possible values: comma, space, tab, colon, semicolon, pipe

>   [--api-email=API_EMAIL]  # Email for accessing Workato API or set WORKATO_API_EMAIL env
>   [--api-token=API_TOKEN]  # Token for accessing Workato API or set WORKATO_API_TOKEN env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [--api-email=API_EMAIL]  # Email for accessing Workato API or set WORKATO_API_EMAIL environment variable
  [--api-token=API_TOKEN]  # Token for accessing Workato API or set WORKATO_API_TOKEN environment variable 
```
